update edgemesh integration doc (#269)
kubeedge/website: content/en/docs/advanced/edgemesh.md

toc: true
type: docs
---

> In case of network issues between edge nodes, we integrate EdgeMesh to support the service discovery mechanism.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EdgeMesh as the data plane component of the KubeEdge cluster, provides simple service discovery and traffic proxy functions for applications, thereby shielding the complex network structure in edge scenarios.
```

> Check more details at [edgemesh website](https://edgemesh.netlify.app) to deploy edgemesh application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check more details at [edgemesh website](https://edgemesh.netlify.app) to use EdgeMesh.
```

Reviewer: And all the content below can be deleted I think? users can ge them from  https://edgemesh.netlify.app
